♪
[NARRATOR]
The netherworld.
The realm where all demons live,
and the monarch who rules is
the Demon King.
[caws]
However, the Demon King's throne
has sat empty for ages.
Only the most worthy
will inherit
this seat of sovereignty,
but who will it be?
Hey, Iruma, would you be a sport
and carry these for me?
Okay, Dad.
Could you clean
the bathroom, too?
Anything for you.
Who's my good boy?
-On that note...
-Huh?
[BOTH] Would you mind terribly
if we sold you off to a demon?
[SULLIVAN, coarsely]
Hmm.
Sure, I guess.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14,
was sold to the demon Sullivan
by his stupid parents.
"The netherworld
sure is a scary place.
I can't ever let them
find out I'm human."
Or so he thought.
[squawking]
[squawking stops]
[rooster crows]
-[birds chirping]
-[squawking]
[IRUMA sighs]
It's such a beautiful day.
[NARRATOR] Iruma has
gotten so accustomed
to the netherworld,
that this feels like
a lovely, peaceful morning
to him.
It'll be another great day,
I know it.
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
"You Fit Right In Now, Iruma."
Hey there, Grandpa.
Good morning.
Good morning,
my darling grandson.
Good morning to you, sir.
Hell Grey tea?
[IRUMA]
Ah, my favorite.
Now, I'm gonna dig in.
We can make plenty more if
that's not enough to sate you.
There's no need to hold back.
Sweet. Thank you. So yummy.
-Iruma-kins, morning mon-mon.
-Good morning, Master Iruma.
-It's us.
-Morning mo-mo-mo!
[chomping noisily]
-[IRUMA, mouthful] Time to go?
-Oh, Iruma.
Do you wanna use
Grandpa's special carriage?
It's been a while.
Come on, let's use it.
Let's do it.
What do you say? It'll be
so fun, please, please!
Oh, that's okay,
I gotta get going.
Wait, Iruma, come back!
Sadness.
Have a wonderful day, sir.
♪ Humans they are loved... ♪
-[CLARA] Two, one, two, one.
-One and two, one and two.
I'm delighted to join you
on this morning fitness jaunt.
-[chuckles]
-Hey, let's race.
A demonathon.
Let's find out who can get
to school the fastest.
Running at top speed
first thing in the morning?
You're a fool.
[grunts] That's okay.
I guess you're afraid of getting
your butt kicked by me, Azz.
-I get it.
-[ASMODEUS grunts]
I would never lose
to the likes of you.
Prepare, 'cause
it's time to lose.
Um, hey, guys? Maybe...
[ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
Ready? Go!
-[BOTH yelling]
-Hey, uh...
Hurry up, Iruma-chi!
-Faster, faster.
-You guys?
-[BOY 1] Morning.
-[GIRL 1] Good morning.
[BOY 2]
Good morning.
[BOY 3]
Good morning!
[in unison]
A hearty good morning.
[GIRLS]
Good morning.
-A very devi good morning!
-Good morning, bow to me.
[JOHNNY] No running
on the school grounds!
[DOSANKO]
My, you naughty breeze.
Why you gotta be like that?
My poor little heart is simply
aflutter with palpitations.
-Huh?
[grunting]
[echoing]
Badump...
[MALE VOICE, in slow motion]
Badump!
[DOSANKO gasps]
Ohh!
Pardon me.
Hold it, you!
Oh, Asmodeus!
He's so full of devi spirit
first thing in the morning.
Devi charming.
Please set my heart ablaze!
Ladies, today's our
anniversary of exhilaration.
[KALEGO] Professor Morax
will be out for a week
due to chronic back pain.
Therefore, Professor Momonoki
will be in charge
of first period basic magic.
Take note.
Homeroom is now concluded.
Now get to your
first period class.
And behave. Don't cause
trouble for other students,
and certainly not the teachers.
You are demons, but...
Silence.
Welcome back to basic magic.
We'll continue our lesson
on page 66.
Please open your textbooks.
Alright. Please read
the next part, Miss Valac.
Okay. "Chapter two:
Thank Goodness
I Was Born a Demon..."
-Why, oh why, are we alive?
-[CLARA continues reading]
We're still trying
to solve that mystery.
[CAMUI]
Why are ladies so charming?
I hope to uncover that
in my research.
Aw, man,
Kuromu's the absolute best.
Her song was number one
on the Demonicon Chart.
Oh, yeah? That's devi cool.
[GOEMON]
I bought 66 copies immediately.
Oh, hey, would you
like a snack?
You three, quiet down.
[KEROLI gasps]
[FROGS] Gero-gero, gero-gero.
Gero-gero, gero-gero.
Oh, my, that escalated quickly.
Ahh, what a cute little frog.
Gero-gero, gero.
[GOEMON]
No, wait, I, uh...
This isn't what it looks like.
It's so unfair! Why?
Ga-a-a-arp. [grunts]
[clears throat]
So, that was an example
of a basic type of magic
called "Transformation."
As you can see,
it doesn't last very long
on anyone who resists the spell.
Ah, yes. Duly noted, ma'am.
You made number one.
Congratulations.
[KEROLI giggles]
[gasps]
Please don't talk
about that here at school.
-But still, thanks a lot.
-[IRUMA chuckles]
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm?
-[CLARA] Oh?
[chiming and screeching]
♪
[inaudible dialogue]
"He shall descend from
a foreign realm wearing a ring,
"a sacred ring.
"The golden ring of Solomon.
And he shall wear it
on his right hand.”
[ALL gasp]
Superb presentation,
Sir Sabnock.
Of course it was, because I am
going to be the Demon King!
I didn't see Iruma
or President Ameri
around campus today.
[GAAKO]
Hey, Eiko. I'm going ahead.
I'll find them tomorrow,
for sure.
[imitating RIN]
"Kakeru, please tell me.
What happened?"
[KAKERU] No, I... I can't
tell anyone. Not even you.
[RIN]
Please!
[KAKERU AND RIN]
Ba-bam.
[GIRL] Everyone has secrets,
didn't you know?
[RIN]
Sayo!
[SAYO] Secrets they can't
tell anyone else.
-[KAKERU] Sorry.
-[RIN] Kakeru!
It looked as though
Kakeru's back was crying.
Kakeru, please don't cry.
Listen, the crows are laughing.
It's almost like
they're making fun of us.
"To be continued."
[sighs]
The way Kakeru must feel
as he yearns
to tell her the truth,
but he can't.
It's so painful. [squeals]
Yeah.
And her rival Sayo's line
was excellent.
I mean, "Everyone has secrets."
Brilliant.
Hold on a second. Everyone?
That dem-dol Irumi could almost
have passed for Iruma's twin.
-Are they related?
-Huh?
[AMERI]
No, if Iruma is human,
then he couldn't have any family
in the netherworld.
Maybe they just look identical.
Iruma himself
couldn't possibly have...
worn that frilly, floofy dress.
-Huh?
-Ameri? You okay?
[gasps]
Uh... hey, Iruma...
Are you harboring a... secret?
I mean, anything bothering you?
Are you feeling stressed out?
Is anything bothering me?
Hmm.
No, not that I can think of.
Oh. Well, that's good.
Alrighty, then.
If there ever is, feel free
to come talk to me any time.
[groans uncomfortably]
Oh. Alright, I will.
[AMERI] Are they
different people, after all?
Hmm.
[IRUMA] Ameri, can I try
some of these snacks?
Oh, yeah, sure. You can have
as much as you like.
Badump! Badump! Badump!
-Badump. Badump. Badump.
-[chuckles] These are so yummy.
[AMERI] Why is my heart beating
like a demonitor's wings?
It's not as if
he's using any charms.
[ASMODEUS]
I cannot lose,
for Master Iruma's sake
as well as my own!
Be careful, you might fall.
Wow, they're fast.
[sighs] This is nice.
Mm.
Oh, so yummy.
[sighs] Man, this was
a good day.
And my bed's
so fluffy and warm, too.
[gasps]
Wait. Am I fitting
into the netherworld now?!
[NARRATOR] The reality of it
had finally dawned on him.
Yes. Like it or not,
you fit right in now, Iruma.
♪
[IRUMA]
Hmm.
[ASMODEUS AND CLARA]
Hmm?
[IRUMA]
Before Grandpa brought me here,
I was still working
on the tuna fishing boat,
but now I eat all I want,
and I even get to go to school.
What's going on
in Master Iruma's mind?
He's completely checked out.
-Drawing a blank.
-I figured.
We did a procedure
that erased all their memories
of being in the netherworld,
and sent them home.
Iruma, if you're seeking help,
please, don't hesitate to ask.
[IRUMA] I know what
he's offering but I don't...
[sighs] I'm a human.
Can I really spend my life here
in the netherworld?
He must be tired.
I can't blame him.
[groans]
The poor boy hasn't
even had one single moment
-at all of rest.
-[chuckles]
Let's perk him up again
with some yummy food.
Please, as if mere food
could make him feel better.
Wait. Actually, a meal.
Yes, Master Iruma loves to eat.
You might have come up with
a good idea for once, Valac.
-[chuckles]
-[chuckles mockingly]
[COME-COME] It's after school,
take a hike, you fools.
Now, listen. Master Iruma
can know nothing of this.
Roger. Because guess what?
[BOTH] We're going to
make a big, delicious meal...
-for Iruma-kins right now!
-...for Master Iruma!
Ya-yeet!
[ASMODEUS]
Well, we've certainly got
plenty of
fresh ingredients here.
[CLARA] So glad we bought them
from Come-Come's.
[ASMODEUS]
That's right, and we bought them
with my Demon Star
Platinum card.
[CLARA]
Paid a chef for advice.
[[ASMODEUS]]
With my Demon Star--
Gonna go rolly-rolly
on Mr. Cutting Board.
-Listen to me!
-Heya. I have great recipes.
Where'd you get that?
They're from Mommy's collection.
Nothing beats
my mommy's cooking.
What's that?
We'll make muffle wuffle
crackle bang.
What are you saying?!
Huh?
Don't you know?
[grunts]
[ASMODEUS] Of course not.
Muffle, what in the...
A dish I've never heard of
despite my erudition
of the netherworld.
But if I dare ask her, it'll be
a shattering blow to my dignity.
Sure. Of course.
[sighs]
Right, right.
Of course, why wouldn't you?
Well, you're in charge
of step one then, Azz-Azz.
[ASMODEUS]
"First, cut the muffle finely.
"Make sure it gets along
with the faa-faa and jinwarisan.
Finally have them
meet up with tanesshi"?
I don't understand
a word of this gibberish.
[CLARA] Bring the stuff over
when you're done.
[ASMODEUS]
Ugh. Come on, think.
The picture looks
like fried chicken.
No! It's muffle.
Muffle. Is it sweet?
A muffle is... a waffle.
Yes, they're waffles!
No, that's a trap.
"Crackle" is right in the name.
It has to be harder
than waffles.
Hard like...
Cookies?!
A noble like myself
has never heard the term,
but I guess commoners
call their cookies "muffles."
That must be it.
-[CLARA humming]
-[ASMODEUS chuckles]
So I have to cut something
finely in step one.
That can only mean...
I've figured it out.
This has to be it!
[grunts]
Et voilà.
Finely chopped chocolate.
You put chocolate on
your fried chicken, Azz-Azz?
It was fried chicken!
[echoing]
[distorted]
It was fried chicken!
[panting]
Uh, that's pretty weird.
Is it good at least?
If it's fried chicken,
just call it fried chicken!
But we call it "muffle wuffle"
at my house.
It's a cute nickname, right?
Your silly household customs
don't apply everywhere else,
you dizzy twit.
[CLARA]
Hmm?
But you just said
you knew what it was.
That's enough! Okay, I'll do it!
You just sit there and stay out
of my way, fool queen!
You make me nuts!
Yeah, well, you should know,
Azz-Azz.
You do wear
pretty weird clothes.
[grunts]
Huh?!
[CLARA] The top part is short,
the bottom part is long.
It's white.
And it has swirly designs
on the chest.
Talk about tacky.
[ASMODEUS]
You're telling me what's tacky?!
This is a custom uniform,
handmade with love and skill
from the finest fabrics
by the high fashion
brand Akumani.
I had it specially made
for the entrance ceremony.
[CLARA]
Custard? Never heard of 'em.
What do you mean, "custard"?
Give that back.
If you make it,
it's gonna end up
tasting all weird and gross.
[grunts]
If you make the dish,
-it's going to taste moronic.
-It what?!
[BOTH] Shut up! I can make it
far better than you can!
[ANNOUNCER]
Fight!
Fine, we'll both feed
Iruma-kins, then.
Whichever dish he says
is better wins!
[BOTH] The deadline is
tomorrow morning!
[BOTH grunt]
[sneezes]
Huh? Are you okay?
Hmm.
I pretty much tried combining
all of my favorite foods
together here.
I think it's good... maybe.
Your silly household customs
don't apply everywhere else.
I think it needs
a little something else.
It's good but, will it make
Iruma-kins feel better?
You seem troubled, daughter.
May I help?
Mommy.
Listen well, Clara.
When you're cooking,
all you need is love.
Really? Love?
You're trying to cheer up Iruma,
isn't that right, dear?
-Mm-hmm.
-Don't worry, then.
Just pour them in.
All those feelings. The love!
[BOTH]
Yay, wuv.
-Okay, Mommy.
-[BOTH] Yay!
♪ Munch, much, munch,
what could that be? ♪
♪ Everyone loves it
more than anything ♪
♪ It's Mommy's
homemade cooking ♪
♪ Delicious ♪
♪ Nom, nom, nom, eat it all up ♪
♪ Stomachs and hearts ♪
♪ Filled up to the brim ♪
♪ There's not a happier gang ♪
♪ It's the best ♪
♪ Boil, boil, boil ♪
♪ Fill it up
till it bursts with your love ♪
♪ Om nom nom ♪
♪ Then add some more ♪
♪ It's the greatest
seasoning around ♪
-♪ All the love ♪
-Yummy, right?
-♪ Gulp, gulp, gulp ♪
-♪ Every bite ♪
♪ Makes our hearts
fill up with a warm light ♪
♪ It sends us over the moon ♪
♪ How is this real life? ♪
♪ Flavor's important for sure ♪
♪ But without love it's a bore ♪
♪ Try imagining how they're
gonna be so super duper happy ♪
♪ Wow, it's so warm ♪
♪ I want him to eat it up ♪
♪ Hear him say,
"It's so yummy" ♪
♪ And that's all I would need ♪
♪ Sprinkle in love, love, love ♪
♪ Even more love, love, love ♪
♪ Let the love ♪
♪ Overflow ♪
[grunts]
-[DAVID] Steak. Roast devi-beef.
-[MAIDS gasping]
Devi yakitori. Meat pie.
Job well done, young Alice.
They're all perfect.
Yes, I agree, they are but...
Just commonly perfect.
That's not good enough.
This is for Master Iruma.
Who knows what kind of daring
strategy Clara will employ.
♪ Overflow ♪
I need to make something
even more distinctive
and utterly mind-blowing!
[DAVID] Young Alice,
please do mind your manners.
[sighs] Something more elegant
and emotional.
In that case,
why not prepare a fish dish
as a lovely compliment
to a meat dish?
[ASMODEUS]
F... Fish?!
A devi-tuna dish, perhaps.
[ASMODEUS]
Devi-tuna?!
Devi-tuna...
You can stew it, steam it,
grill it, or try it raw.
Young Alice?
[heavy breathing]
Don't tell me
you're still scared of fish?
I thought you'd be
alright with it
by this point in your life.
[ASMODEUS] I...
I can't deal with the smell.
But still, if it's for the sake
of my Master Iruma,
I, Asmodeus Alice, will overcome
any hurdle to make it happen!
[grunts]
[groaning in disgust]
Please, young Alice,
you can do this.
[in unison]
We believe in you, Master Alice.
[NARRATOR] Asmodeus's battle
carried on through morning.
[ASMODEUS]
I will triumph!
[NARRATOR]
And apparently, Clara, too,
was dancing into early daylight.
[CLARA]
Okay, eat up.
[ASMODEUS]
Please, enjoy your meal.
Oh, wow.
You two made these
special meals just for me?
-[ASMODEUS] Indeed.
-[CLARA] Yup.
Aw!
You went to all this trouble...
[IRUMA chuckles in delight]
Thanks, you two. I'm diggin' in.
-Aah.
-[CLARA] Badump, badump.
Mm.
Badump, badump.
[gasps] This is... amazing!
[laughs]
Mm.
[ASMODEUS, nervously]
Badump, badump.
Aah.
[gulps]
Yummy!
[gasps]
But which one did you
like better, though?
Feel free to say it's mine.
-No, no, it's mine.
-Yeah, right, it's mine.
-Wait, which one...
-[ASMODEUS grunts]
You have to pick one.
Iruma sir, take a bite.
It's a palate cleanser.
-No fair, Azz-Azz.
-'Course it is.
-Iruma-kins, you cheater!
-Out of the way!
You should take your own advice!
[gulping]
[gasps]
-So good.
-[BOTH grunt]
[BOTH]
Which one though?
Both of them are yummy.
But if you eat them together,
it's even better.
-Here, try it.
-[BOTH] Huh?
[IRUMA]
Open up.
[ASMODEUS, mouthful]
This is...
[CLARA, mouthful]
Yummy.
[IRUMA]
Right?
For real, the combination
tasted the best.
Thanks for doing this, you guys.
[BOTH gulp, grunt]
[chomping noisily]
More, more.
Look at that.
Guess he's feeling better, now.
Indeed.
And it did taste better
when we mixed them both up.
Yeah.
Looks like a draw.
[CLARA]
Hmm.
[chuckles]
You peasant.
Of course black would look
better on Master Iruma!
No way. I say it's yellow!
You have no taste.
-You'll never be popular.
-[IRUMA] Ah, friendship.
What? I'm very popular!
Wow, you just said
you're so popular
that you don't know
what to do with yourself.
I did not! You're insane!
[COME-COME]
Someone just pay me, already!
-[chuckles]
-[ASMODEUS] I mean, I'm...
What's so wrong with that?
[IRUMA]
Truly, so much has happened
since I came to the netherworld.
I may be human,
but there's nowhere else
I've ever felt more at home.
-Master Iruma?
-Iruma-kins?
Come on, we gotta go.
We have magical PE next,
remember?
[IRUMA] I have two people
who'll do anything for me.
My first friends. Real friends.
Is something the matter?
Nah. [chuckles]
All good.
I'm gonna run like bam.
-And dash like vroom.
-[ASMODEUS] Come now.
We can't run in the halls,
you know that.
[CLARA]
Then go kaboom and explode!
[IRUMA] I think I'm gonna
stay for a while,
and continue my life here
in the netherworld.
[piano music playing]
♪ Humans they are loved ♪
♪ For after all
they taste so very good ♪
♪ Suck them dry,
soul and plasma ♪
♪ Flesh and marrow,
their whole brood ♪
♪ May the sound of
our mighty wings as we fly ♪
♪ Bring you fear ♪
♪ Bow to us, we are demons ♪
♪ In your nightmares we appear ♪
♪ As we sing this song
from our crimson soaked lips ♪
♪ Now you know ♪
♪ Scream for us, we are demons ♪
♪ And to hell you all will go ♪
♪ We stalk these halls
every day ♪
♪ Polishing our wicked ways ♪
♪ And we all know Babyls rules ♪
♪ It's the school
with the most devi-cool ♪
♪ Give your all,
soul and plasma ♪
♪ Flesh and marrow,
steel your mind ♪
♪ May we forever strive ♪
♪ For the pinnacle ♪
♪ Of demonkind ♪
[SULLIVAN scatting]
Good morning,
my precious nugget grandson.
It's time for breakfast.
What a beautiful day out there.
How about a walk?
-[IRUMA] Shut it.
-[SULLIVAN] Huh?
Shock.
[IRUMA sighs]
[IRUMA]
Did I stutter?
You're so damn loud,
you old geezer.
Shut it.
[gasps sharply]
[shuddering]
[NARRATOR] Sullivan's morning
was rather surprising.
What in the world happened
to his sweet
little grandson Iruma?
It's a mystery.
So let us bring you that story
another time.
Stay devi-tuned.
♪